README.md, before:

DhruvalsBattleshipGameGUI
=========================

A Battleship Game I made for my 1302J Programming Class

============================================================================

Dhruval Darji
1302J
Prof. Vandeven
Battleship Game Final Project
To run my Battleship game, double-click on the .jar file. It is a runnable jar. A GUI should pop up.
The game can run in both server mode and client mode. To get to these modes click on Battle, 
Com vs. Com, Host or Join (depending on whether you want to be the server or the client respectively),
then type in the requested information, and then click Host a Game or Join a Game. 
If you wish to go back up one level just click the buttons on the side. 
Once you have chosen to start a game, information will be shone in the console labels Headquarters. 
If you cannot see certain information, then just resize the screen and it should pop right up. 

If you have any questions or comments then email me at ddarji@spsu.edu.
Thank you and have fun battling.

Commit message:

Improvements to Player Vs. Com.

README.md, after:

DhruvalsBattleshipGameGUI
=========================

A Battleship Game I made for my 1302J Programming Class

============================================================================

Dhruval Darji
1302J
Prof. Vandeven
Battleship Game Final Project
To run my Battleship game, double-click on the .jar file. It is a runnable jar. A GUI should pop up.
There are currently 2 game types. Com vs. Com and Player vs. Com.
The Com vs. Com game can run in both server mode and client mode. To get to these modes click on Battle, 
Com vs. Com, Host or Join (depending on whether you want to be the server or the client respectively),
then type in the requested information, and then click Host a Game or Join a Game. 
If you wish to go back up one level just click the buttons on the side. 
The Player vs. Com can be reached in a similar fashion. 
Once you have chosen to start a game, information will be shone in the console labels Headquarters. 
If you cannot see certain information, then just resize the screen and it should pop right up. 

If you have any questions or comments then email me at ddarji@spsu.edu.
Thank you and have fun battling.
